File - Buttons

Reload - Reloads the item definitions that are currently in the cache.
Save - Saves all current entered definitions for the item.
Add Model - Opens up the model selector and packs the selected model.
Export to .txt - Exports the current item definitions to .txt located at: user.home/FrostyCacheEditor/items/id.txt
Exit - Exits the item editor for that item (Non-working)

Tabs

General - Contains all of the definitions considered general information.
Model - Contains all of the definitions for models and their variables.
Options - Contains all of the options and color changes.
Unknown Definitions - Contains unknown definitions.
Unknown Definitions(2) - Contains additional unknown definitions.
Clientscripts - Contains the clientscripts for the item.

Information:

Add Model-
Only choose to pack .dat for models. When selecting to use the model you selected, the tool will "freeze".
Please wait until the tool resumes. To get the model id of the model you just added, go to the Console
and it will be there.

General-
All items must have a check in the "Unnoted" box otherwise the item is treated as if it were a bank note.

Model-
Model Rotation 1 is the same as Model Rotation Y.
Model Rotation 2 is the same as Model Rotation X.
Model Offset 1 is the same as Model Offset X.
Model Offset 2 is the same as Model Offset Y.

Options-
Options MUST be separated by ";" and end with ";" otherwise they will not work and corrupt your cache.
Color changes MUST be in the format of "oldcolorint=newcolorint;" and a ";" separating them and end with ";".

Clientscripts -
Some items may not contain clientscripts. If you wish to add them, add the appropriate key in one of the fields.
Add the value in the field across from it. A list of clientscript keys and their value Object are included in this
download. Then do the Save option twice.
If the item has clientscripts and you want to change or add a key, simply enter the key and value in the fields.
The clientscript 528(Equipment tab Option) must contain at least 7 characters, spaces do count